Update ssh-winrm-faqs.md (#7137)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/traditional/ssh-winrm-faqs.md

You can automate creating winrm credential/secret key via our existing API as listed [here](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Account-Secret#operation/create-account-scoped-secret).

> ### How to install Artifacts on IIS on Windows VM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to install artifacts on IIS on a Windows VM?
```

> You can use Copy/Download command option by creating winrm connection and can deploy the artifact to window VM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Copy/Download command option by creating a WinRM connection and deploy the artifact to a Windows VM.
```
